hey guys it's a child I'm showing you
and if you've already seen the other
video that's fine but this video is
meant to be a short one so anyway I've
recorded a time lapse of ten minutes of
picking up stuff which I show you it
worked out i've got eighty four eighty
four items in ten minutes
which works out to be about 504 so it's
not the best and more trap around but
it's pretty damn quick
you seem to make sense
okay guys that is a quick video off the
track
see a zombie
oh I killed Larry
five six showing any one time changes by
adding the channels which I'm about to
show you okay
yeah okay guys I just cut that bit in 17
years so anyway too deep to ice here to
some steps five steps why not just have
it go straight to it
well you can do that but it doesn't lead
straight into the other water you don't
know where else to go in the carnies
each edge so they fall in here they
can't get out okay that's pretty much it
you've enjoyed this interesting